Now the Daxia Chamber of Commerce has withdrawn from the official family
Instead, give the green light to our Shangguan family
Our Shangguan family finally has hope
Yeah, yeah.
There are model families that support us.
We are Shangguan's family
The day to stand up again is not far away
The problem has been solved in less than two days
Do you have any comments?
Look at you kid
It's all family
Why do you care so much?
You're so childish.
You helped the Shangguan family solve the problem this time
You are a hero of the Shangguan family
President Xie has stopped suppressing the Shangguan family
Let me see.
In the future, will the official family dare to embarrass us Shangguan family?
Yes, yes, yes, the old lady is right
Official family invitation to official family
What invitation did he send us?
invitation
What do you mean?
On behalf of Guan Jia, I will send an invitation to Shangguan's family
I hope the old lady doesn't blame me for coming uninvited
The adults in the sky are back from hunting
A triumphal banquet will be held in two days
This is the invitation to the triumphal banquet
Guan Jia invites Shangguan Jia to speak at the banquet tomorrow
Triumph Swallow is right
This is for the humble lord
The top-class banquet that caught the wind and washed the dust
Yes!
Our lady asked me to give you a message to the Shangguan family
You are just waiting to pay for the young master of the official family
Heaven Lord returns from hunting from the north
Shangguan Family chooses who to let
Are you going to eat this soul-breaking feast?